.TH SNEBU-PERMISSIONS "1" "December 2020" "snebu-permissions" "User Commands"
.na
.SH NAME
snebu permissions \- Set permissions for Snebu when used in multi-user mode
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snebu
\fBpermissions\fR
[ \fB-l\fR | \fB-a\fR | \fB-r\fR ]
\fB-c\fR \fIcommand\fR
\fB-n\fR \fIhostname\fR
\fB-u\fR \fIuser\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
The \fIpermissions\fR command lists, adds, or removes user permissions.
These permissions are applied when the "snebu" command is installed setuid, and run
by a OS different user.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
Lists all installed permissions.  If the \fB\-c\fR, \fB\-n\fR, or
\fB\-u\fR options are given, this list is restricted to
those sub commands, hostnames, or users respectively.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-add\fR
Adds permissions for the specified sub command [\-c],
hostname [\-n], and user [\-u].
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remove\fR
Removes permissions for the specified sub command
[\-c], hostname [\-n], and user [\-u].
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-command\fR \fIsub command\fR
The sub command that this permission command applies to.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-name\fR \fIhostname\fR
The host name that this permission command applies to.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-user\fR \fIusername\fR
The user that this permission command applies to.
.PP
Available subcomands that work with permissions are:
.RS 4
.sp
\fBbackup\fR (covers both newbackup and submitfiles functions)
.sp
\fBrestore\fR
.sp
\fBlistbackups\fR
.sp
\fBexpire\fR
.sp
\fBpurge\fR
.sp
\fBpermissions\fR
.PP
.RE
Note that in the case of functions that aren't host specific (such as \fIpermissions\fR) or affect all hosts (\fIsnebu purge\fR, or \fIsnebu expire -a ...\fR), users will need to be granted permission to all hosts by specifying \fB-h '*'\fR in order to be granted access to those specific functions).
.PP
To grant permissions, this command must be run as the user that snebu is
installed under, or the user must be granted access to the \fIpermissions\fR
sub command
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.hy 0
\fBsnebu\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-newbackup\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-submitfiles\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-restore\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-listbackups\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-expire\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-purge\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-client\fR(1)
.PP
