.TH SNEBU "1" "December 2020" "snebu" "User Commands"
.na
.SH NAME
snebu \- The simple network backup system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snebu
[ \fB-c\fR | \fB--config\fR \fIfilepath\fR ]
\fIsubcommand \/\fR[ \fIoptions \/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIsnebu\fR command is a backup tool which manages storing data from
backup sessions on disk-based storage, utilizing a simple database
for tracking backup sets and meta data.  With the exception of administrative
sub commands (expire, purge, permissions), it is typically it is called via a
front end script (such as the included "snebu-client" shell script).
The subcommands are listed below along with the most common options.
Details on each command are given in each command's individual man page.

.SS "Sub commands are as follows:"
.TP
\fBnewbackup\fR \fB\-n\fR \fIbackupname\fR \fB\-d\fR \fIdatestamp\fR \fB\-r\fR \fIschedule\fR
Initiates a new backup set, taking in the full backup manifest,
returning a snapshot manifest.
.TP
\fBsubmitfiles\fR \fB\-n\fR \fIbackupname\fR \fB\-d\fR \fIdatestamp\fR
Receives a backup in TAR format that fulfills the snapshot manifest returned from newbackup
.TP
\fBrestore\fR \fB\-n\fR \fIbackupname\fR \fB\-d\fR \fIdatestamp\fR [ \fIfile_list...\fR ]
Generates a tar file containing the specified backup set.
.TP
\fBlistbackups\fR [ \fB\-n\fR \fIbackupname\fR [ \fB\-d\fR \fIdatestamp\fR ]] [ \fIfile_list...\fR ]
List backed up hosts, backup sets within a host, or files within a backup set.
.TP
\fBexpire\fR [ \fB\-n\fR \fIbackupname\fR \fB\-d\fR \fIdatestamp\fR ] or [ \fB\-a\fR \fIdays\fR \fB\-r\fR \fIschedule\fR [ \fB-n\fR \fIhostname\fR ]]
Expires (removes) the given backup set, or backups matching the given criteria
.TP
\fBpurge\fR
Purges backing files from the vault that are part of expired backups
.TP
\fBpermissions\fR
[ \fB-l\fR | \fB-a\fR | \fB-r\fR ]
\fB-c\fR \fIcommand\fR
\fB-n\fR \fIhostname\fR
\fB-u\fR \fIuser\fR
Defines permissions for a given user, when snebu is run in multi-user mode.
.TP
\fBhelp\fR [subcommand]
Displays help page of subcommand
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.hy 0
\fBsnebu\-newbackup\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-submitfiles\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-restore\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-listbackups\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-expire\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-purge\fR(1),
\fBsnebu\-permissions\fR(1),
\fBsnebu-client\fR(1)
.PP
